# Demand-Forecasting

In this modern day and age, one of the most valuable sector of any industry or business is generating forecast. Creating accurate forecast not only aids the demand planner of the organization but also helps in cutting down the costs and optimize inventory. A faulty prediction might have a negative influence on the company's supply chain, resulting in high losses. Whereas a good forecast can do wonders for the company both in terms of growth and profit. All this depends upon the forecasting system that the company is using. For a successful business the demand planners requires consistently accurate results over a period of time. For this, the stability of the algorithms used for forecasting is very important. A good forecasting model is the one which not only gives good accuracy but should also be adaptable to changing context. In this study, we propose a customized method which will generate output by combining the product category level forecasts for Retail industry and E-commerce. For each category of products, we shall separately train a variety of machine learning algorithms for forecasting. Then we will create a customized model by selecting only the highest performing algorithms based on their score for each feature set. To get the final forecast of each category, the output of each algorithm is feed to a multilayer perception as input. This neural network will give the final forecast for the particular category as output. Forecasts will be generated by the ensemble of two kinds of algorithms; one are Time-Series algorithms and the other are Regression-based algorithms. Individual algorithm’s performance is evaluated with MAE, RMSE and MAPE scores. 
